Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin!
Why can't skeletons play church music? Because they have no organs.
What does a skeleton order at a restaurant? SPARERIBS
My favorite instrument? the TromBONE, of course.
My brother truly is a numbSKULL
What do skeletons hate the most about wind? Nothing, it goes right through them.
But first, let me take a Skelfie
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts
When does a skeleton laugh? When someone tickles his funny bone!
The skeleton doesn't like my hotdogs. Probably because he doesn't have the stomach for it!
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin!
How did I know where you would go next? Oh I felt it in my bones!
What? A telephone? Nah, I'm using a telebone.
These aren't all of them. I've got a skeleTON more!
The skeleton stood by the fire for too long. Now he's BONE-dry! What a bonehead....
I'm not fat. I'm just big boned!
I'm so lazy, I'm bone idle!
What do skeletons say before they begin dining? Bone-Appetit!
That annoying dog came back and stole more of our bones. He even ran off with his left leg! You could say he didn't leave him with a leg to stand on!
What do you call a skeleton snake? A rattler!
Have you seen my brother? I have a BONE to pick with him.
What did the skeleton say while riding his Harley Davidson motorcycle? I'm bone to be wild!
My brother always works himself down to the bone!
Why did the skeleton want a friend? Because she was feeling bonely
What does a skeleton tile his roof with? Shin-gles!
What do you do if you see a skeleton running across a road? Jump out of your skin and join him!
Skulls are always single because they have no body.
Man, these jokes aren't even that humerus.
These jokes are very bare bones
Why do skeletons makes bad miners? Because they only go 6 FOOT UNDER GROUND
Why does skeletons never go to swimming pools? Because they hate being SOAKED TO THE BONE
You wanna know why skeletons are terrible liars? Everyone can see right through them!
Did ya hear the one about the baby skeleton? He liked to rattle his bones.
A dog stole a skeleton's left leg and left arm the other day, but it's cool he's ALL RIGHT now!
Why do Java Developers always wear glasses? Because they don't C#.
Why is your boss like a demon? Because they are always ready to fire you!
What do you call a lost wolf? A werewolf!
Do you like my drawing of Satan? That's because it's the Greatest Of All Time.
If you play a Windows Installation CD backwards it plays a satanic message, but the most frightening thing of all, if you play it forwards it installs Windows!
What is a devils picket line called? A demonstration!
That song from Frozen is really getting old. Why don't people just Let It Go?
Yesterday I swallowed food coloring. I'm okay. But I feel like I dyed inside!
How does the NASA organize a party? They planet!
What do you call a frozen dog? A pupsicle!
I don't ever trust stairs. I think they're up to something.
Why don't Go developers have patience?  They haven't needed it in a `while`!
Why do Go developers use loops for everything? They love them, and couldn't `contain` themselves!
How do you comfort a JavaScript bug? -- you console it.
What did the suicidal function say? -- goodbye world!
Why couldn't the variable enter the JavaScript store? -- it was (Closured())!
Why did the web designer drown? -- because she didn't know if she had to float:left or float:right. Also, she had too many anchors.
How do you feel like when there is no coffee? -- Depresso!
